You have this ring.
From now on?
You can be as rich as any other country
old man
Are you kidding me?
How can I joke with you?
This ring is the happiness of the Kyushu Group
You take this ring
You can mobilize all the resources of the Kyushu Group at any time
Old man, you are just kidding me
Renjia Kyushu Group is the world's largest consortium
With just a ring
Why should people listen to me?
If you don't believe
You can try it.
Look ahead.
It is the branch of Kyushu Group in Haichen
You take this ring
Go to their general manager
I promise.
He will prepare a priceless bride price for you
Hahahaha
I'll try it.
If it works
old man
I owe you a great debt
Hahaha go
I'll contact their general manager in person in a minute.
To greet you
Hahahahaha
ancestor
You'll see when this is over.
Is my good grandson suitable to take over the Long Sword Immortal Palace?
Please rest assured.
Young Master, he will never let you down
Hey, by the way, you gave me that ring.
Roll or not
Don't embarrass me then.
Please rest assured.
That ring is His Highness the Sword Immortal
Token of Kyushu Group
With that ring in hand
The wealth of the world is in the hands of the owner of Shao Dian
Hahahaha good
It should be here
I hope the old man didn't lie to me.
Hey, what are you doing?